/|__ ///,-` o o 
A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job. He kept favoring curry.
All constants are variables.
An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
Any program which runs right is obsolete.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.  -- Weisert
As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10. Please update your programs.
BOFH excuse #103: operators on strike due to broken coffee machine
BOFH excuse #111: The salesman drove over the CPU board.
BOFH excuse #119: evil hackers from Serbia.
BOFH excuse #145: Flat tire on station wagon with tapes. (\"Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurling down the highway\" Andrew S. Tannenbaum) 
BOFH excuse #157: Incorrect time synchronization
BOFH excuse #176: vapors from evaporating sticky-note adhesives
BOFH excuse #178: short leg on process table
BOFH excuse #180: ether leak
BOFH excuse #201: RPC_PMAP_FAILURE
BOFH excuse #210: We didn't pay the Internet bill and it's been cut off.
BOFH excuse #232: Ionization from the air-conditioning
BOFH excuse #239: CPU needs bearings repacked
BOFH excuse #246: It must have been the lightning storm we had (yesterday) (last week) (last month)
BOFH excuse #247: Due to Federal Budget problems we have been forced to cut back on the number of users able to access the system at one time. (namely none allowed....)
BOFH excuse #249: Unfortunately we have run out of bits/bytes/whatever. Don't worry, the next supply will be coming next week.
BOFH excuse #268: Neutrino overload on the nameserver
BOFH excuse #280: Traceroute says that there is a routing problem in the backbone. It's not our problem.
BOFH excuse #2: solar flares
BOFH excuse #317: Internet exceeded Luser level, please wait until a luser logs off before attempting to log back on.
BOFH excuse #322: Your Pentium has a heating problem - try cooling it with ice cold water.(Do not turn of your computer, you do not want to cool down the Pentium Chip while he isn't working, do you?)
BOFH excuse #342: HTTPD Error 4004 : very old Intel cpu - insufficient processing power
BOFH excuse #372: Forced to support NT servers; sysadmins quit.
BOFH excuse #382: Someone was smoking in the computer room and set off the halon systems.
BOFH excuse #38: secretary plugged hairdryer into UPS
BOFH excuse #415: Maintenance window broken
BOFH excuse #416: We're out of slots on the server
BOFH excuse #417: Computer room being moved. Our systems are down for the weekend.
BOFH excuse #418: Sysadmins busy fighting SPAM.
BOFH excuse #431: Borg implants are failing
BOFH excuse #434: Please state the nature of the technical emergency
BOFH excuse #443: Zombie processes detected, machine is haunted.
BOFH excuse #68: only available on a need to know basis
BOO! We changed Coke again! BLEAH! BLEAH!
Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and interface circuit details. The two models, however, are not compatible on the same communications line connection.  -- Bell System Technical Reference
But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?
CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.  -- Pablo Picasso
DOS Air: All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again. Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et cetera.
Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
Ein Mensch in einer fremden Stadt fragt:  \"Wissen Sie, wo es zum Bahnhof geht?\" Bioenergetiker: \"Machen Sie mal sch... sch... sch... !\"
Ein Mensch in einer fremden Stadt fragt:  \"Wissen Sie, wo es zum Bahnhof geht?\" Pfarrer: \"Das wei&#xDF; ich nicht. Aber wir k&#xF6;nnen gerne dar&#xFC;ber reden.\"
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
F: Warum legen sich Elefanten auf den R&#xFC;cken mit den F&#xFC;&#xDF;en in der Luft? A: So k&#xF6;nnen sie V&#xF6;gel fangen.
FORTH IF HONK THEN
Happiness is twin floppies.
I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say (in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.  -- Joseph Weizenbaum, \"Computer Power and Human Reason\"
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...  -- F. H. Wales (1936)
I may have invented it, but Bill made it famous  -- David Bradley, inventor of the Ctrl-Alt-Delete   keystroke, during panel discussion with Bill Gates   at the 20-year celebration for the IBM PC.
I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
I've finally learned what \"upward compatible\" means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.  -- Dennie van Tassel
If it happens once, it's a bug. If it happens twice, it's a feature. If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.
If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.
It would be nice if the Food and Drug Administration stopped issuing warnings about toxic substances and just gave me the names of one or two things still safe to eat.  -- Robert Fuoss
Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.  -- Brent Welch
New crypt. See /usr/news/crypt.
Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.  -- P. Denning
PURGE COMPLETE.
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
Real computer scientists don't program in assembler. They don't write in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how could they read their mail?
Save energy: Drive a smaller shell.
Security check: &#x7;&#x7;&#x7;INTRUDER ALERT!
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.  -- R. S. Barton
The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.  -- R. B. Greenberg [referring to PDPs?]
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.  -- Frederick Brooks, \"The Mythical Man Month\"
The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!  -- James 'Kibo' Parry
The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional to the number of bugs in their code.
The sendmail configuration file is one of those files that looks like someone beat their head on the keyboard. After working with it... I can see why!  -- Harry Skelton
There are twenty-five people left in the world, and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.  -- Ed Sanders
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
Thirteen at a table is unlucky only when the hostess has only twelve chops.  -- Groucho Marx
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.
Thus spake the master programmer: \"After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless.\"  -- Geoffrey James, \"The Tao of Programming\"
UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.  -- Doug Gwyn
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.
You will have many recoverable tape errors.
You're at Witt's End.
Your fault -- core dumped
\"For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of a thousand years ago. Why not, then, the last step of doing away with computers altogether?\"  -- Jehan Shuman
\"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years.\" \"What about X?\" \"I said `intellectual'.\"  ;login, 9/1990
fortune: not found
panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped (only kidding)
BOFH excuse: (l)user error
BOFH excuse: ..disk or the processor is on fire.
BOFH excuse: /dev/clue was linked to /dev/null
BOFH excuse: /pub/lunch
BOFH excuse: 50% of the manual is in .pdf readme files
BOFH excuse: A plumber is needed, the network drain is clogged
BOFH excuse: A star wars satellite accidently blew up the WAN.
BOFH excuse: ATM cell has no roaming feature turned on, notebooks can't connect
BOFH excuse: According to Microsoft, it's by design
BOFH excuse: All of the packets are empty.
BOFH excuse: Arcserve crashed the server again.
BOFH excuse: Atilla the Hub
BOFH excuse: BNC (brain not connected)
BOFH excuse: Backbone Scoliosis
BOFH excuse: Backbone adjustment
BOFH excuse: Bad cafeteria food landed all the sysadmins in the hospital.
BOFH excuse: Bad user karma.
BOFH excuse: Big to little endian conversion error
BOFH excuse: Bit rot
BOFH excuse: Bogon emissions
BOFH excuse: Boredom in the Kernel.
BOFH excuse: Borg implants are failing
BOFH excuse: Borg nanites have infested the server
BOFH excuse: Boss' kid fucked up the machine
BOFH excuse: Browser's cookie is corrupted -- someone's been nibbling on it.
BOFH excuse: Budget cuts
BOFH excuse: Budget cuts forced us to sell all the power cords for the servers.
BOFH excuse: CD-ROM server needs recalibration
BOFH excuse: CPU needs bearings repacked
BOFH excuse: CPU needs recalibration
BOFH excuse: CPU radiator broken
BOFH excuse: CPU-angle has to be adjusted because of vibrations coming from the nearby road
BOFH excuse: Cache miss - please take better aim next time
BOFH excuse: Change in Earth's rotational speed
BOFH excuse: Change your language to Finnish.
BOFH excuse: Chewing gum on /dev/sd3c
BOFH excuse: Collapsed Backbone
BOFH excuse: Communications satellite used by the military for star wars.
BOFH excuse: Communist revolutionaries taking over the server room and demanding all the computers in the building or they shoot the sysadmin. Poor misguided fools.
BOFH excuse: Complete Transient Lockout
BOFH excuse: Computer room being moved.  Our systems are down for the weekend.
BOFH excuse: Computers under water due to SYN flooding.
BOFH excuse: Cosmic ray particles crashed through the hard disk platter
BOFH excuse: Cow-tippers tipped a cow onto the server.
BOFH excuse: Daemon escaped from pentagram
BOFH excuse: Daemons did it
BOFH excuse: Daemons loose in system.
BOFH excuse: Data for intranet got routed through the extranet and landed on the internet.
BOFH excuse: Decreasing electron flux
BOFH excuse: Defunct processes
BOFH excuse: Dew on the telephone lines.
BOFH excuse: Did you pay the new Support Fee?
BOFH excuse: Digital Manipulator exceeding velocity parameters
BOFH excuse: Domain controller not responding
BOFH excuse: Don't worry; it's been deprecated. The new one is worse.
BOFH excuse: Due to Federal Budget problems we have been forced to cut back on the number of users able to access the system at one time. (namely none allowed....)
BOFH excuse: Due to the CDA, we no longer have a root account.
BOFH excuse: Dumb terminal
BOFH excuse: Dyslexics retyping hosts file on servers
BOFH excuse: Electrical conduits in machine room are melting.
BOFH excuse: Electricians made popcorn in the power supply
BOFH excuse: Electromagnetic energy loss
BOFH excuse: Electrons on a bender
BOFH excuse: Elves on strike. (Why do they call EMAG Elf Magic)
BOFH excuse: Evil dogs hypnotised the night shift
BOFH excuse: Excess condensation in cloud network
BOFH excuse: Failure to adjust for daylight savings time.
BOFH excuse: Fanout dropping voltage too much, try cutting some of those little traces
BOFH excuse: Fatal error right in front of screen
BOFH excuse: Feature not yet implemented
BOFH excuse: Feature was not beta tested
BOFH excuse: Fiber optics caused gas main leak
BOFH excuse: Firmware update in the coffee machine
BOFH excuse: Flat tire on station wagon with tapes.  (\"Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurling down the highway\" Andrew S. Tannenbaum) 
BOFH excuse: Fluorescent lights are generating negative ions. If turning them off doesn't work, take them out and put tin foil on the ends.
BOFH excuse: Forced to support NT servers; sysadmins quit.
BOFH excuse: Groundskeepers stole the root password
BOFH excuse: HTTPD Error 4004 : very old Intel cpu - insufficient processing power
BOFH excuse: HTTPD Error 666 : BOFH was here
BOFH excuse: Hard drive sleeping. Let it wake up on it's own...
BOFH excuse: Hash table has woodworm
BOFH excuse: Having to manually track the satellite.
BOFH excuse: High altitude condensation from U.S.A.F prototype aircraft has contaminated the primary subnet mask. Turn off your computer for 9 days to avoid damaging it.
BOFH excuse: High line impedance.
BOFH excuse: High nuclear activity in your area.
BOFH excuse: Hot Java has gone cold
BOFH excuse: I'd love to help you -- it's just that the Boss won't let me near the computer. 
BOFH excuse: I'm not sure.  Try calling the Internet's head office -- it's in the book.
BOFH excuse: I'm sorry a pentium won't do, you need an SGI to connect with us.
BOFH excuse: IRQ dropout
BOFH excuse: IRQ-problems with the Un-Interruptible-Power-Supply
BOFH excuse: Incorrect time synchronization
BOFH excuse: Incorrectly configured static routes on the corerouters.
BOFH excuse: Increased sunspot activity.
BOFH excuse: Insert coin for new game
BOFH excuse: Interference between the keyboard and the chair.
BOFH excuse: Interference from lunar radiation
BOFH excuse: Interference from the Van Allen Belt.
BOFH excuse: Internet exceeded Luser level, please wait until a luser logs off before attempting to log back on.
BOFH excuse: Internet outage
BOFH excuse: Internet shut down due to maintenance
BOFH excuse: Ionization from the air-conditioning
BOFH excuse: It must have been the lightning storm we had (yesterday) (last week) (last month)
BOFH excuse: It was OK before you touched it.
BOFH excuse: It works the way the Wang did, what's the problem
BOFH excuse: It's not RFC-822 compliant.
BOFH excuse: It's not plugged in.
BOFH excuse: It's stuck in the Web.
BOFH excuse: It's the InterNIC's fault.
BOFH excuse: It's those computer people in X {city of world}.  They keep stuffing things up.
BOFH excuse: It's union rules. There's nothing we can do about it. Sorry.
BOFH excuse: Jan  9 16:41:27 huber su: 'su root' succeeded for .... on /dev/pts/1
BOFH excuse: Jupiter is aligned with Mars.
BOFH excuse: Just pick up the phone and give modem connect sounds. \"Well you said we should get more lines so we don't have voice lines.\"
BOFH excuse: Just type 'mv * /dev/null'.
BOFH excuse: Keyboard Actuator Failure.  Order and Replace.
BOFH excuse: LBNC (luser brain not connected)
BOFH excuse: Lawn mower blade in your fan need sharpening
BOFH excuse: Lightning strikes.
BOFH excuse: Little hamster in running wheel had coronary; waiting for replacement to be Fedexed from Wyoming
BOFH excuse: Look, buddy:  Windows 3.1 IS A General Protection Fault.
BOFH excuse: Lusers learning curve appears to be fractal
BOFH excuse: Mail server hit by UniSpammer.
BOFH excuse: Mailer-daemon is busy burning your message in hell.
BOFH excuse: Maintenance window broken
BOFH excuse: Me no internet, only janitor, me just wax floors.
BOFH excuse: Melting hard drives
BOFH excuse: Mouse chewed through power cable
BOFH excuse: Mouse has out-of-cheese-error
BOFH excuse: My pony-tail hit the on/off switch on the power strip.
BOFH excuse: NOTICE: alloc: /dev/null: filesystem full
BOFH excuse: Netscape has crashed
BOFH excuse: Network failure -  call NBC
BOFH excuse: Neutrino overload on the nameserver
BOFH excuse: Not enough interrupts
BOFH excuse: OS swapped to disk
BOFH excuse: Of course it doesn't work. We've performed a software upgrade.
BOFH excuse: Only people with names beginning with 'A' are getting mail this week (a la Microsoft)
BOFH excuse: Operators killed by year 2000 bug bite.
BOFH excuse: Operators killed when huge stack of backup tapes fell over.
BOFH excuse: Our ISP is having {switching,routing,SMDS,frame relay} problems
BOFH excuse: Our POP server was kidnapped by a weasel.
BOFH excuse: Out of cards on drive D:
BOFH excuse: PCMCIA slave driver
BOFH excuse: PEBKAC (Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair)
BOFH excuse: POSIX compliance problem
BOFH excuse: Packet held up at customs.
BOFH excuse: Party-bug in the Aloha protocol.
BOFH excuse: Password is too complex to decrypt
BOFH excuse: Pentium FDIV bug
BOFH excuse: Plasma conduit breach
BOFH excuse: Plate voltage too low on demodulator tube
BOFH excuse: Please excuse me, I have to circuit an AC line through my head to get this database working.
BOFH excuse: Please state the nature of the technical emergency
BOFH excuse: Plumber mistook routing panel for decorative wall fixture
BOFH excuse: Police are examining all internet packets in the search for a narco-net-trafficker
BOFH excuse: Post-it Note Sludge leaked into the monitor.
BOFH excuse: Power Company having EMP problems with their reactor
BOFH excuse: Power company testing new voltage spike (creation) equipment
BOFH excuse: Power surges on the Underground.
BOFH excuse: Processes running slowly due to weak power supply
BOFH excuse: Program load too heavy for processor to lift.
BOFH excuse: Propagation delay.
BOFH excuse: Proprietary Information.
BOFH excuse: Quantum dynamics are affecting the transistors
BOFH excuse: RPC_PMAP_FAILURE
BOFH excuse: Radial Telemetry Infiltration
BOFH excuse: Recursive traversal of loopback mount points
BOFH excuse: Recursivity.  Call back if it happens again.
BOFH excuse: Redundant ACLs. 
BOFH excuse: Reformatting Page. Wait...
BOFH excuse: Repeated reboots of the system failed to solve problem
BOFH excuse: Rhythmic variations in the voltage reaching the power supply.
BOFH excuse: Robotic tape changer mistook operator's tie for a backup tape.
BOFH excuse: Root name servers corrupted.
BOFH excuse: Root nameservers are out of sync
BOFH excuse: Route flapping at the NAP.
BOFH excuse: Runt packets
BOFH excuse: SCSI Chain overterminated
BOFH excuse: SCSI's too wide.
BOFH excuse: SIMM crosstalk.
BOFH excuse: Sales staff sold a product we don't offer.
BOFH excuse: Sand fleas eating the Internet cables
BOFH excuse: Satan did it
BOFH excuse: Scheduled global CPU outage
BOFH excuse: Second-system effect.
BOFH excuse: Secretary sent chain letter to all 5000 employees.
BOFH excuse: Server depressed, needs Prozac
BOFH excuse: Small animal kamikaze attack on power supplies
BOFH excuse: Smell from unhygienic janitorial staff wrecked the tape heads
BOFH excuse: Software uses US measurements, but the OS is in metric...
BOFH excuse: Some one needed the powerstrip, so they pulled the switch plug.
BOFH excuse: Somebody ran the operating system through a spelling checker.
BOFH excuse: Someone else stole your IP address, call the Internet detectives!
BOFH excuse: Someone has messed up the kernel pointers
BOFH excuse: Someone hooked the twisted pair wires into the answering machine.
BOFH excuse: Someone is broadcasting pygmy packets and the router doesn't know how to deal with them.
BOFH excuse: Someone is standing on the ethernet cable, causing a kink in the cable
BOFH excuse: Someone set us up the bomb.
BOFH excuse: Someone thought The Big Red Button was a light switch.
BOFH excuse: Someone was smoking in the computer room and set off the halon systems.
BOFH excuse: Someone's tie is caught in the printer, and if anything else gets printed, he'll be in it too.
BOFH excuse: Stale file handle (next time use Tupperware(tm)!)
BOFH excuse: Standing room only on the bus.
BOFH excuse: Sticky bits on disk.
BOFH excuse: Stray Alpha Particles from memory packaging caused Hard Memory Error on Server.
BOFH excuse: Stubborn processes
BOFH excuse: Support staff hung over, send aspirin and come back LATER.
BOFH excuse: Suspicious pointer corrupted virtual machine
BOFH excuse: Sysadmin accidentally destroyed pager with a large hammer.
BOFH excuse: Sysadmin didn't hear pager go off due to loud music from bar-room speakers.
BOFH excuse: Sysadmins busy fighting SPAM.
BOFH excuse: Sysadmins unavailable because they are in a meeting talking about why they are unavailable so much.
BOFH excuse: T-1's congested due to porn traffic to the news server.
BOFH excuse: TCP/IP UDP alarm threshold is set too low.
BOFH excuse: Telecommunications is downgrading.
BOFH excuse: Telecommunications is downshifting.
BOFH excuse: Telecommunications is upgrading. 
BOFH excuse: Temporal anomaly
BOFH excuse: Terrorists crashed an airplane into the server room, have to remove /bin/laden. (rm -rf /bin/laden)
BOFH excuse: That function is not currently supported, but Bill Gates assures us it will be featured in the next upgrade.
BOFH excuse: That would be because the software doesn't work.
BOFH excuse: That's a great computer you have there; have you considered how it would work as a BSD machine?
BOFH excuse: That's easy to fix, but I can't be bothered.
BOFH excuse: The ATM board has run out of 10 pound notes.  We are having a whip round to refill it, care to contribute ?
BOFH excuse: The Borg tried to assimilate your system. Resistance is futile.
BOFH excuse: The CPU has shifted, and become decentralized.
BOFH excuse: The Dilithium Crystals need to be rotated.
BOFH excuse: The Internet is being scanned for viruses.
BOFH excuse: The MGs ran out of gas.
BOFH excuse: The POP server is out of Coke
BOFH excuse: The Token fell out of the ring. Call us when you find it.
BOFH excuse: The UPS doesn't have a battery backup.
BOFH excuse: The UPS is on strike.
BOFH excuse: The Usenet news is out of date
BOFH excuse: The air conditioning water supply pipe ruptured over the machine room
BOFH excuse: The cables are not the same length.
BOFH excuse: The co-locator cannot verify the frame-relay gateway to the ISDN server.
BOFH excuse: The computer fleetly, mouse and all.
BOFH excuse: The cord jumped over and hit the power switch.
BOFH excuse: The data on your hard drive is out of balance.
BOFH excuse: The electrician didn't know what the yellow cable was so he yanked the ethernet out.
BOFH excuse: The electricity substation in the car park blew up.
BOFH excuse: The file system is full of it
BOFH excuse: The hardware bus needs a new token.
BOFH excuse: The kernel license has expired
BOFH excuse: The keyboard isn't plugged in
BOFH excuse: The lines are all busy (busied out, that is -- why let them in to begin with?).
BOFH excuse: The mainframe needs to rest.  It's getting old, you know.
BOFH excuse: The monitor is plugged into the serial port
BOFH excuse: The monitor needs another box of pixels.
BOFH excuse: The mouse escaped.
BOFH excuse: The new frame relay network hasn't bedded down the software loop transmitter yet. 
BOFH excuse: The recent proliferation of Nuclear Testing
BOFH excuse: The ring needs another token
BOFH excuse: The rolling stones concert down the road caused a brown out
BOFH excuse: The rubber band broke
BOFH excuse: The salesman drove over the CPU board.
BOFH excuse: The static electricity routing is acting up...
BOFH excuse: The vendor put the bug there.
BOFH excuse: The vulcan-death-grip ping has been applied.
BOFH excuse: There isn't any problem
BOFH excuse: Too few computrons available.
BOFH excuse: Too many interrupts
BOFH excuse: Too many little pins on CPU confusing it, bend back and forth until 10-20% are neatly removed. Do _not_ leave metal bits visible!
BOFH excuse: Too much radiation coming from the soil.
BOFH excuse: Traceroute says that there is a routing problem in the backbone.  It's not our problem.
BOFH excuse: Traffic jam on the Information Superhighway.
BOFH excuse: Trojan horse ran out of hay
BOFH excuse: Typo in the code
BOFH excuse: U.S. Postal Service
BOFH excuse: UBNC (user brain not connected)
BOFH excuse: UPS interrupted the server's power
BOFH excuse: Unfortunately we have run out of bits/bytes/whatever. Don't worry, the next supply will be coming next week.
BOFH excuse: Unoptimized hard drive
BOFH excuse: User was distributing pornography on server; system seized by FBI.
BOFH excuse: Vendor no longer supports the product
BOFH excuse: Virus due to computers having unsafe sex.
BOFH excuse: Virus transmitted from computer to sysadmins.
BOFH excuse: We already sent around a notice about that.
BOFH excuse: We are Microsoft.  What you are experiencing is not a problem; it is an undocumented feature.
BOFH excuse: We are a 100% Microsoft Shop.
BOFH excuse: We are currently trying a new concept of using a live mouse.  Unfortunately, one has yet to survive being hooked up to the computer.....please bear with us.
BOFH excuse: We didn't pay the Internet bill and it's been cut off.
BOFH excuse: We had to turn off that service to comply with the CDA Bill.
BOFH excuse: We need a licensed electrician to replace the light bulbs in the computer room.
BOFH excuse: We only support a 1200 bps connection.
BOFH excuse: We only support a 28000 bps connection.
BOFH excuse: We ran out of dial tone and we're and waiting for the phone company to deliver another bottle.
BOFH excuse: We'll fix that in the next (upgrade, update, patch release, service pack).
BOFH excuse: We're on Token Ring, and it looks like the token got loose.
BOFH excuse: We're out of slots on the server
BOFH excuse: We're upgrading /dev/null
BOFH excuse: We've picked COBOL as the language of choice.
BOFH excuse: We've run out of licenses
BOFH excuse: Webmasters kidnapped by evil cult.
BOFH excuse: What office are you in? Oh, that one.  Did you know that your building was built over the universities first nuclear research site? And wow, aren't you the lucky one, your office is right over where the core is buried!
BOFH excuse: Windows 95 undocumented \"feature\"
BOFH excuse: Write-only-memory subsystem too slow for this machine. Contact your local dealer.
BOFH excuse: YOU HAVE AN I/O ERROR -> Incompetent Operator error
BOFH excuse: Yeah, yo mama dresses you funny and you need a mouse to delete files.
BOFH excuse: Yes, yes, its called a design limitation
BOFH excuse: You can tune a file system, but you can't tune a fish (from most tunefs man pages)
BOFH excuse: You did wha... oh _dear_....
BOFH excuse: You must've hit the wrong any key.
BOFH excuse: You need to install an RTFM interface.
BOFH excuse: You need to upgrade your VESA local bus to a MasterCard local bus.
BOFH excuse: You put the disk in upside down.
BOFH excuse: You're out of memory
BOFH excuse: You've been infected by the Telescoping Hubble virus.
BOFH excuse: Your EMAIL is now being delivered by the USPS.
BOFH excuse: Your Flux Capacitor has gone bad.
BOFH excuse: Your Pentium has a heating problem - try cooling it with ice cold water.(Do not turn off your computer, you do not want to cool down the Pentium Chip while he isn't working, do you?)
BOFH excuse: Your cat tried to eat the mouse.
BOFH excuse: Your computer hasn't been returning all the bits it gets from the Internet.
BOFH excuse: Your computer's union contract is set to expire at midnight.
BOFH excuse: Your mail is being routed through Germany ... and they're censoring us.
BOFH excuse: Your modem doesn't speak English.
BOFH excuse: Your packets were eaten by the terminator
BOFH excuse: Your parity check is overdrawn and you're out of cache.
BOFH excuse: Your processor does not develop enough heat.
BOFH excuse: Your processor has processed too many instructions.  Turn it off immediately, do not type any commands!!
BOFH excuse: Your processor has taken a ride to Heaven's Gate on the UFO behind Hale-Bopp's comet.
BOFH excuse: Your/our computer(s) had suffered a memory leak, and we are waiting for them to be topped up.
BOFH excuse: Zombie processes detected, machine is haunted.
BOFH excuse: Zombie processes haunting the computer
BOFH excuse: _Rosin_ core solder? But...
BOFH excuse: appears to be a Slow/Narrow SCSI-0 Interface problem
BOFH excuse: astropneumatic oscillations in the water-cooling
BOFH excuse: asynchronous inode failure
BOFH excuse: backup tape overwritten with copy of system manager's favourite CD
BOFH excuse: bad ether in the cables
BOFH excuse: bank holiday - system operating credits  not recharged
BOFH excuse: because Bill Gates is a Jehovah's witness and so nothing can work on St. Swithin's day.
BOFH excuse: because of network lag due to too many people playing deathmatch
BOFH excuse: bit bucket overflow
BOFH excuse: boss forgot system password
BOFH excuse: broadcast packets on wrong frequency
BOFH excuse: bugs in the RAID
BOFH excuse: cellular telephone interference
BOFH excuse: clock speed
BOFH excuse: crop circles in the corn shell
BOFH excuse: descramble code needed from software company
BOFH excuse: disks spinning backwards - toggle the hemisphere jumper.
BOFH excuse: divide-by-zero error
BOFH excuse: doppler effect
BOFH excuse: dry joints on cable plug
BOFH excuse: dynamic software linking table corrupted
BOFH excuse: electro-magnetic pulses from French above ground nuke testing.
BOFH excuse: electromagnetic radiation from satellite debris
BOFH excuse: emissions from GSM-phones
BOFH excuse: endothermal recalibration
BOFH excuse: error: one bad user found in front of screen
BOFH excuse: ether leak
BOFH excuse: evil hackers from Serbia.
BOFH excuse: excess surge protection
BOFH excuse: excessive collisions & not enough packet ambulances
BOFH excuse: failed trials, system needs redesigned
BOFH excuse: fat electrons in the lines
BOFH excuse: filesystem not big enough for Jumbo Kernel Patch
BOFH excuse: firewall needs cooling
BOFH excuse: first Saturday after first full moon in Winter
BOFH excuse: floating point processor overflow
BOFH excuse: fractal radiation jamming the backbone
BOFH excuse: global warming
BOFH excuse: greenpeace free'd the mallocs
BOFH excuse: had to use hammer to free stuck disk drive heads.
BOFH excuse: halon system went off and killed the operators.
BOFH excuse: hardware stress fractures
BOFH excuse: heavy gravity fluctuation, move computer to floor rapidly
BOFH excuse: high pressure system failure
BOFH excuse: improperly oriented keyboard
BOFH excuse: incompatible bit-registration operators
BOFH excuse: internet is needed to catch the etherbunny
BOFH excuse: interrupt configuration error
BOFH excuse: it has Intel Inside
BOFH excuse: it's an ID-10-T error
BOFH excuse: kernel panic: write-only-memory (/dev/wom0) capacity exceeded.
BOFH excuse: knot in cables caused data stream to become twisted and kinked
BOFH excuse: le0: no carrier: transceiver cable problem?
BOFH excuse: loop found in loop in redundant loopback
BOFH excuse: magnetic interference from money/credit cards
BOFH excuse: manager in the cable duct
BOFH excuse: microelectronic Riemannian curved-space fault in write-only file system
BOFH excuse: monitor VLF leakage
BOFH excuse: monitor resolution too high
BOFH excuse: multicasts on broken packets
BOFH excuse: need to wrap system in aluminum foil to fix problem
BOFH excuse: nesting roaches shorted out the ether cable
BOFH excuse: network down, IP packets delivered via UPS
BOFH excuse: network packets travelling uphill (use a carrier pigeon)
BOFH excuse: new guy cross-connected phone lines with ac power bus.
BOFH excuse: new management
BOFH excuse: no \"any\" key on keyboard
BOFH excuse: non-redundant fan failure 
BOFH excuse: not approved by the FCC
BOFH excuse: not enough memory, go get system upgrade
BOFH excuse: not properly grounded, please bury computer
BOFH excuse: old inkjet cartridges emanate barium-based fumes
BOFH excuse: only available on a need to know basis
BOFH excuse: operation failed because: there is no message for this error (#1014)
BOFH excuse: operators on strike due to broken coffee machine
BOFH excuse: overflow error in /dev/null
BOFH excuse: paradigm shift...without a clutch
BOFH excuse: parallel processors running perpendicular today
BOFH excuse: permission denied
BOFH excuse: piezo-electric interference
BOFH excuse: poor power conditioning
BOFH excuse: popper unable to process jumbo kernel
BOFH excuse: positron router malfunction
BOFH excuse: pseudo-user on a pseudo-terminal
BOFH excuse: quantum decoherence
BOFH excuse: radiosity depletion
BOFH excuse: root rot
BOFH excuse: routing problems on the neural net
BOFH excuse: runaway cat on system.
BOFH excuse: secretary plugged hairdryer into UPS
BOFH excuse: short leg on process table
BOFH excuse: solar flares
BOFH excuse: somebody was calculating pi on the server
BOFH excuse: sounds like a Windows problem, try calling Microsoft support
BOFH excuse: spaghetti cable cause packet failure
BOFH excuse: static buildup
BOFH excuse: static from nylon underwear
BOFH excuse: static from plastic slide rules
BOFH excuse: sticktion
BOFH excuse: sticky bit has come loose
BOFH excuse: stop bit received
BOFH excuse: struck by the Good Times virus
BOFH excuse: suboptimal routing experience
BOFH excuse: system consumed all the paper for paging
BOFH excuse: system has been recalled
BOFH excuse: system needs to be rebooted
BOFH excuse: tachyon emissions overloading the system
BOFH excuse: techtonic stress
BOFH excuse: telnet: Unable to connect to remote host: Connection refused
BOFH excuse: temporary routing anomaly
BOFH excuse: terrorist activities
BOFH excuse: the AA battery in the wallclock sends magnetic interference
BOFH excuse: the butane lighter causes the pincushioning
BOFH excuse: the curls in your keyboard cord are losing electricity.
BOFH excuse: the daemons! the daemons! the terrible daemons!
BOFH excuse: the printer thinks its a router.
BOFH excuse: the real ttys became pseudo ttys and vice-versa.
BOFH excuse: the router thinks its a printer.
BOFH excuse: the xy axis in the trackball is coordinated with the summer solstice
BOFH excuse: those damn raccoons!
BOFH excuse: transient bus protocol violation
BOFH excuse: user to computer ratio too high.
BOFH excuse: user to computer ration too low.
BOFH excuse: vapors from evaporating sticky-note adhesives
BOFH excuse: vi needs to be upgraded to vii
BOFH excuse: virus attack, luser responsible
BOFH excuse: waste water tank overflowed onto computer
BOFH excuse: we just switched to FDDI.
BOFH excuse: we just switched to Sprint.
BOFH excuse: we're waiting for [the phone company] to fix that line
BOFH excuse: working as designed
BOFH excuse: wrong polarity of neutron flow
BOFH excuse: your keyboard's space bar is generating spurious keycodes.
BOFH excuse: your process is not ISO 9000 compliant
